Document new Free trial budget (#89)
crate/cloud-getting-started: docs/promotions/index.rst

.. _prmotions-index:

========================
CrateDB Cloud promotions
========================

Crate.io regularly offers promotions, consisting of either free or discounted
offers on CrateDB Cloud database-as-a-service products. Promotions can involve
discounts of up to 100% on any dimensions of the product: for example, there
can be promotions on specific `subscription plans`_ or on `scale units`_ (the
number of nodes in a cluster) within a plan. Promotions may last indefinitely
or for limited periods of time.

> Another promotional mechanism that should be useful for testing purposes or for
> users new to CrateDB Cloud is our Free trial budget system. This provides you
> with a free credit whenever you create a new organization. You can spend this
> credit on any CrateDB Cloud development plan you choose.

Reviewer: Again, would not mention that this is given every time you create a new org ;-) Maybe something like:

```suggestion
CrateDB Cloud also offers new users $200 in free credits upon signup. You can spend these
credits on any CrateDB Cloud cluster configuration you choose.
```

Author: Ah, that's probably true. Better to obfuscate that a little bit. Better now?
